Hello dear friends with you Artem
today we have a review of the power supply on
800 watts from the company aerocool strike-x
This is how the box looks
respectively 800 watts inscription and
certificate 80 plus silver
does this mean with this power supply
fairly high efficiency
let's see what the box looks like on
back of the box respectively
is shown
various technical information and here
Now we will see how many amps he
issues on on various lines first
supply according to them the way incoming
115 230 volts 15 amps everything here
standard output is further plus 3 3 volts
plus 5 plus 12 in 1 minus 12 plus in itself
this is all standard means by line 3 3
volts 24 amps on the line plus 5 volts 2
4 amps and the most interesting is on the line
plus 12 volts 66 m 1 gives the most
interesting probably exactly 12 volts
line for powering devices which
consumes a lot of it in particular
various video card processor and so
further along the line -12 volt
05 amps and on line plus 53 amps
further, respectively, we have the maximum
quantity issued here if we
let's look at plus 3 3 volts plus
5 volts and plus 12 then respectively
this opinion just gives out 800 watts
exactly 792 cotton
he can give on the line 12 volts at
maximum load 6 6 amps about us
This does not report well, and the standard
line -12 volt 6 watts and on line
respectively plus 5 15 watts further that
we have from connectors it's 20 plus 4 pin
to power the motherboard further 4
plus 4 pin like this
4 pin for power and wait for 5 pieces here
eat further for nutrition
even fdd floppy drive here
even provided although in principle they are
not used anywhere
further 8 pieces of connectors for power
sata devices
8 pin to connect to the mother
we gave one thing to the boards here 4
6 plus 2 connectors
various letters
devices particular video cards now
let's see how the block looks like it
design now let's see how the power supply
looks externally
box we have already opened the block itself
the food is massive enough branded
the symbol of the letter x like this
looks and now let's see what he is from
represents himself up close and so do we
complete
bundled directly by the unit itself
power supplies are already attached to it by default.
motherboard power cables 20
plus 4 respectively four
disconnect further from us here are such
8 pin connector for one
motherboard power supply and another 2 4
pin
that is, everything is standard here
Then we still have such a cable and
they were packed in a box
respectively here now
let's see what is the way here still in
Here are the screws for
connections respectively more precisely for
screwing the block to the body
wires and the power cord of course here
all standard standard power cord
so now we start with the extra
wiring block is connected
power supply it is used for us
power sata devices
from two sides on the back then
There is one and the same 4 pin connector
write express further
exactly the same cable another two sata
2 sata and 4 and all new express roughly
saying so we have the next wire
represents 4
4 pins on one side
one on the other hand is for power
respectively, go different devices
not here we have another 4 pin
now focus tune 4 pin
write express further what we still here
see for power heidi and devices 4
pins on one side on the other
the sides are exactly the same and one more 4
pin pysya express and here still
By the way, this connector is now not
used to power the flop and
the last thing we have left is the cables
for power supply express devices
such as video cards respectively their 2
things like that here they look
signature write express 6 plus 2
accordingly we can connect
several graphics cards are quite powerful and
effective to nourish with this
power supply on power supply
139 mm fan installed
which has non-standard form factor
for power supplies in this case on
one of the tanks, respectively, the movie is not
specification she repeats the same
the numbers we saw on the box are very
good performance on the plus 12 line
volt is 66 amps I recall and
maximum number of watts for this
lines 792
certificate 80 plus silver
further the sound itself looks like this
metal steel company logo
Well, in principle, all well yet connectors for
connect
modular connectors
additional power cables
devices like this
in principle, and then all will show
system complete like this power supply
will look in the case now
general background of the working system with a block
power here it is installed below and
accordingly feeds all devices
subscribe to the channel put your fingers
up leave comments visit
My blog is boorish point ru and lucky you
bye bye